# Bored & Broke
### Project Proposal

###### Description	
<p>Bored & Broke is a browser-based application that will allow users to connect based on activities that they have a mutual interest in. On the website, the user will be asked to create a profile, which will store information such as location, name, and saved activities. The user can then see and save activities in their location. When a user saves an activity, they are brought to that activity’s page. On that page, they can see more information about the activity, such as photos and exact location, as well as a list of the other users who have saved that activity. The user is then able to contact those users individually through a third-party messaging app.</p>
<p>This application is similar to Tinder, Bumble, and Meetup. It allows users to connect with people they may not know based on mutual interests and location. It is different because it “matches” people together based on their interest in activities that already exist (Meetup requires users to create their own events/activities). This caters to our end user, who is a person who is bored, broke, and alone (and doesn’t want to be). The user only needs internet access and a browser. </p> 
<p>Our application requires a database to hold activity and user information, a web server to call the API’s and to interact with the database and website, and a set of HTML web pages to display the information to the user. Maintenance may be required if the API’s change in functionality.

###### Justification
<p>This project allows our team to demonstrate skills and knowledge that was gained in previously taken classes. In Interaction Design, we gained experience making API calls, which will be necessary in our project to load our activity data from various sources. In this class we also learned principles of interface design, which will help us create an intuitive and interactive user interface. In our Programming Languages course, we learned about object-oriented design, which will help us use and organize our activity and user data. The Data Structures course also taught us how to develop object-oriented ways to store information. Finally, the Databases course our team is currently enrolled in will assist us in knowing how to store our user and activity data in a database, and how to query for that information when we want to use it. This project will give us a chance to apply our skills learned in class without a set of teacher-enforced requirements (which we had to adhere to for course assignments in the past).</p>
<p>Our team members have varying levels of experience with back-end and front-end, and we will split up the work accordingly so that team members can make use of skills they already have. This helps our project stay technically feasible. We also designed an MVP and a “dream version” of our project for the case in which we finish our base design before the end of the semester. </p>
