## 10-22-17

### What we did this week
This week our Frontend team started working with React and created a base for our project. We split the work by page:
- Megan will make a slider component (as it's own file) to be used for the radius and price range. She will also make the zip code an editable input field.
- Josh will make the nav bar, which includes the logo and the user's name with dropdown. That is used on every page except login/createAccount.
- Jordan will do the LoginCreateAccount page. Use the instagram website for example. We are contemplating making a modal specifically for "create an account".
- Saved activities is fine for now
- Josh or Megan will take a look into the settings page once they finish their other pages. Settings page has a default price, location, and radius. Will also contain a name (provided by user), and email-which will come from Facebook and the user will not be able to edit. Also will have a bio from the user.
- Single Activity Modal with the event description, information, tagline, and carousel will be done by Mackenzie.

This week our Backend team completed the API controllers.  Now all the results are returned in
a standardized object.  We also did a little research into database implementation.  We found that AWS
provides a way to connect a database to the environment.  In addition, we worked on the logic for the
database; such as how we are going to store information and how it will be updated.

### What we're going to do next week
Next week, development will continue with the frontend, moving toward fulfilling the duties outlined above. The main focus will be figuring out how to implement Facebook login. The other main focus will be implementing the database in Postgres.

Next week, now that we have the AWS environment set up and running, we can begin working on implementing
the database.  We will also be working on the Facebook API to setup account login/verification.

### Blockers
Heroku caused too many problems, so we decided to go with AWS. There is also a learning curve with React.

### Questions
No questions as of now.
